Display lsf resource utilization statistics using with live scattergraphs and historiograms using node.js, python, and the lsf api.

### Install

1)
```
make
```

2)
Open web/config.json and  replace all the tokens and api keys with your own values.
You will need to create 16 new tokens. 

You can get keys and create tokens here: https://plot.ly/settings/api

### Run

```
./start_streaming <path_to_static_directory>
```

### Notes

The html file generated by the above command can be placed on an http server anywhere on the internet. 
You do not need to place it on the same server as lsf-stats or even on the same cluster or subnet.
Data is pushed out to plot.ly's servers.
When a client access the webpage, they pull from plot.ly's servers - not yours.

### Prerequisites

python 2.6 or 2.7

node.js 0.10.3x

an HPC cluster running lsf

cputime "ulimit" of "unlimited" on the node you run this daemon on (otherwise it will die after your time expires...)

### Special Requirements

This needs to be run on a webfacing node.
It will use a small to moderate amount of system resouces and open up 16 node.js servers that push data to plot.ly's servers.
Please mind your resource usage.
Errors may be the result of your system not giving you enough resources. 

If you notice you're having trouble forking after running lsf-stats, please run ask your system admin for additional resources on the node you chose to run this service on.

```
ulimit -a
```

will help you see what your resource limits are.
